nHrzyNLcbzvZiufwbfm9 deceptive positive
nIb5TYvvJuxiA2jXERG4 deceptive negative
051iyY6PUKLzJbPalu9K truthful positive
nIsGbfo6cIhfko198wdN truthful positive
nLsrCZC3dczdCaFLQrcU truthful positive
0MToxUvIFjSsmlJKJjGd truthful negative
PJVmPksK7BCwieyXfLWl truthful negative
PXOniTDmYewiEtjnYO1y deceptive positive
0nrq2IczRm8aFwPK3F5D deceptive negative
PgTqcKctsjfo0nSeqohs deceptive negative
PrbExGHBnhn6y6DaKThs truthful negative
PwARJ1F30fnpK0iSgkM5 deceptive negative
o4VtP3culSeClXmeyQdr deceptive negative
198o7uAXPg7QEwnM3wyh truthful positive
QRm1estKdQTRWZQlfTs3 truthful negative
oEJ1fvDwMomPx32Fjjl4 truthful negative
QUtyFbu4dxO9MxVOes5H truthful positive
Qk9jbmEKENHXNbVAIYPM deceptive negative
1oThiTzPBjoVQkEQLAHb truthful negative
28qVJUZY91REiiZCurN7 deceptive negative
2HDqOQ4bHrPmTwHHCbAU truthful negative
R5U79f5g4lMAEpH1hDUQ truthful negative
pXjuXjXYasAMvD4tOQBU truthful negative
2hK8IQD1WWp8EW4xxXZ2 truthful negative
pa7M0kBkXONGBB18v7UC deceptive positive
ph2UWvKv7Wjk7kXY5EPu deceptive negative
pmWeoqM7F4S8A6EkZnbX deceptive negative
2ytRyMaPcSG0aks9qFqk truthful negative
pqdd7pIHEn5jx33iZOT6 deceptive negative
312anvbF7h20JQfGOOPO deceptive negative
qEcJa3uFZIIKe1gduvHe truthful negative
qKpzTn20QJJvrKsJzjnt truthful positive
qLo6qoRy6reOVEBEfOfX deceptive positive
3COPfMOsOO16qCjNCAam deceptive positive
SUL6iN8wKdSG4naBc2xN truthful positive
3GIclj05wQLQP9N4t0qW deceptive positive
qPOJQzCLSbvazPwb9F9B truthful positive
3JD3ubiPx0O0jtXTspac truthful positive
SpkLt4uxp5ciLaJVkMKa truthful positive
3VI4hGi6jiFMbQjF9iHo truthful negative
3amBp0sXP34ILx86lL9v truthful negative
3eG80pnxpMVdI3uia5N5 truthful negative
TADi3a60Yut4V1Be7AoM truthful positive
3itxGfnqjdc8ivrnRJKp deceptive positive
3iuoTv5B8ompTOlIjLjq deceptive positive
TFHPuVVUzLnGi8VuASs0 deceptive negative
3n2fe8C64iabpwucWm7g truthful positive
r58p3ICrNvM5Q8oTGF0z deceptive negative
3wjOEFUcxbDtUd3kvehr truthful negative
rCFNDQDwqYzDWjluiCJQ truthful negative
3yaydYPaHVFEEmWJkwL7 deceptive positive
rKnQU9HLgC2mSF3EiVBn truthful positive
rPJwOwOliqQeAeSyiZVu truthful positive
rW4x1KYZa5gWBzs9i6Al truthful negative
47M9HFFtRSNMvoiaIjCY deceptive negative
rYFK4imyiu4bPcrC7IU9 truthful negative
rdLgqGD6gNWdQOq1QpmV truthful negative
TmlkSJ335IXDl4fHndsu truthful negative
TsHGCUCqqfkOAclzVYgO truthful negative
4mS6T2i7iYvZrPe64rWH truthful negative
TzWwy2PiZGtftUvDpmhh truthful positive
sDBuJAO53MJ7JRlqoIlW deceptive positive
U1uA7gSyxPs1nx8sIlB2 deceptive positive
4v5Dgixi6YxIUrrqztBV deceptive negative
4y3one0kelIYDrV3J4Lr deceptive positive
4yk1bDpPWlJzEQq2aJB7 deceptive negative
5URO5COjuf7KEsd89fC6 truthful negative
UgdooFImf4yvNafMrINp deceptive positive
t4MGznHUsu2d2CoiZEp7 deceptive negative
UplfSILkqOPCOCpyiAZR deceptive positive
5ZPEKaIveJzcbiIMRl39 truthful negative
tBu3Yx1TiphYh9sMsfqy truthful positive
Uwk2LBixehMt6BZ3Sz1z truthful positive
tuyZ1YjBSugvD30J7Rlp deceptive negative
V4cKO7oMaErDp6RECrff deceptive positive
tv1oSBQmPYvIS3bNuSIl deceptive positive
tw52YQtwcjmrveUjtVN0 truthful negative
6LpmM3KEER7xEUFCAEi1 truthful negative
6MOL9IONyqB4UfEcRpeu deceptive positive
6RUDT6D3sEY3eVmqP69N deceptive negative
VQHITV3EleYLe8GvUcxO truthful negative
VoglqJl3yTuyJ5lJSS41 truthful negative
6jpkpKW9TchABerZMIeC deceptive negative
Vuf1kNe4j37QnnTVo7Nd deceptive positive
uaoCYq5J5qzFFOYmG94L truthful positive
ugSMfA1jIis7HvdHadqu truthful positive
ujUHkGaQFxPxUWLoqUPM truthful negative
79m2X08UrbSzlByDF3DB deceptive positive
79qH6E2vUAmOQBWxaSTB truthful negative
W6HE0SG5zEc7MBUgCaQQ deceptive negative
uuCavAOgXHH2gENqY7ir deceptive negative
vDm63WYmzJEOahUmJyiN truthful negative
7LqTXCivAUZSy89RVyFN truthful negative
WUHXh0LEe4RlWDrAEzSO truthful positive
vTZRUQjaAjncEqLmpfXr truthful positive
Wdjd5yI7rgNf0zp1H8cM deceptive negative
83TcSj8fEaXW9dGkTBbi deceptive negative
86YRkFnx7GnLUKoGR2nE truthful negative
vr2eHAbniR3eDwtXr6rz truthful negative
w5zfZAM1bQQRSOoVnF9S truthful positive
89oppU94gD0cusagqQ7H truthful negative
w9457gU942VLhA82x27A deceptive negative
XMXr2nQd3OUsbhqAXJGK truthful positive
XPOoT90MPgHEfllf7Tr4 truthful positive
8WAQiYEjbZs4ailam7DJ truthful positive
8oWC9lgF88V52WtgoFRC truthful positive
XeE8mE69sRpvgbYXtLjn deceptive negative
wvIzYP5yXwHHXgUsJu0B truthful positive
8utXBPR5RFqBfFAR5FYb deceptive positive
8x2voEvIl9hvJoZN03bv deceptive positive
8xX1N0SiBKBK4MEYRU8S truthful negative
8z85qF704omPZUbTivpH deceptive negative
8zKJi4XXQoagR3eLYClB truthful negative
Y0sOUjmd02PS69YHGxZz deceptive negative
x6K7kLY25ZmHxCfQWFic truthful negative
9693eYlNuCiDQJr0M1KB deceptive positive
x8fG4Cpf34hrRVflzBjC deceptive positive
xCuHsQtUulOYcZDBdyCl truthful negative
9KzPwVWEMeYTRkjalLui truthful negative
9MZF8Y28Ndgf5Duz3ntb deceptive negative
YKtiiqNDAsRkJCw0D8lx truthful positive
9XGNMFDV3E6f5YDz5YYe truthful negative
YKzoYBXQD4U5p7Vmt8EB deceptive negative
xkfuwhYBcPKjCpIccknM truthful negative
xnFLzKdY0wq8d3p3k2gN deceptive negative
9hdS6c8KEIBMtNXyKWew truthful positive
YjlsSlPzAXvRFn7CJXAc deceptive negative
9n2qVRlp1gL4kPzA375j deceptive positive
y3NLnRXXAunJjcAPqAgz truthful negative
YofZ2dYJo7aBLZ5mkIKs deceptive positive
9qhyzgHGDyxQpzRhAP73 truthful negative
YorGd08MoF6YKP2jwtup truthful positive
y6BCxTKzWmm6LIeHlFc5 truthful negative
9y4wMUKmLFA5Rz2saah3 truthful positive
A6RQsLVpbIOoA69tqvqb truthful positive
A8M9xkGk1iBKA5DxQsjX truthful positive
yO8GXXZrbUf7S6vguiwD truthful positive
yQBISMl7HLyFhtIhQGVn deceptive negative
yRb7nBWuegFmK00V1mOx deceptive negative
ALxjrtjXRdb6nwoLSVR3 truthful negative
yY1Imonx7lviJn2ijgOo deceptive positive
ZfvrDCdTYNkOV1sLbOVy deceptive negative
ZqoJ0qk3RrNvABDQpurJ deceptive negative
ywtx5gWWpJgQy9lDiqLd deceptive positive
AqUyg52f1f8Ru9aZKLKp deceptive negative
AzL28J3FlYI2MZalSJE0 truthful negative
zIfPGBXSTD6wS3g0puC6 deceptive negative
BC2kVafgho6cQhbBWwK8 truthful positive
BMoKx7mEoN2zhf6XqIrM truthful positive
BSOuhCFpgE6d6IP3enOH truthful negative
BUZ5uWVrLxiW8CXWg9Sr truthful negative
BfRHvevz2tYUPaGEVHgC deceptive positive
aVVG41fBjojVipZnLt4O truthful positive
aYHveUa5OE9RxQK6enPj truthful negative
abM7p5IY60ufRZf5DjR1 truthful negative
zOa4juOxWTHWNgOOOe6u truthful negative
Br8GW29pEphr77YGCrwz truthful negative
zUmUAzqE63q8LDwyihTf truthful positive
zq7RiL46J0AjU8iBSktv truthful negative
zuTnlAYtBvT1FjN2RKWj deceptive positive
CDL98feHfSyJ1SlcxxH6 deceptive negative
bEi9CBscA98dgqyUVpjH truthful positive
bHUu8JxgZOeU71th5dZo truthful negative
CRWuAKQvbSGBQQjFwMsM truthful positive
CS00z0G2jehrqVO5uorN truthful positive
CWrRSlv3D1m1Qoi08YYR truthful negative
bVOyC9uIme2cDCwmwgym truthful positive
CiUwnlpt2QGg7h1ZuuS9 deceptive negative
bh14da3R4vEvZGZXDyjs deceptive positive
bkE9suBrx6c6aOgpdnFH truthful negative
boayn27ICdAiqmxY7J9B truthful positive
bp4XLAhsy2bm8ZGVUbML deceptive negative
D2u4AC2BHumIuzgroXSM truthful positive
cAedZtXlBM447BrfG1bz truthful positive
DrOIsi4LKXuPip2TccVg truthful negative
DtBXMxaqpMoZA2rq2cKf truthful positive
dJoSVtbLLBLi654zxosE truthful negative
E1B7uoB5qKWMT9ILqRwe truthful negative
EEKIJzxbybOlRfYfRYiP truthful positive
ESVznExeoSo46UbSO0Bb deceptive negative
Ec8lujZLxkPuO5AQGTVC deceptive positive
EkdZTDNGtkwcjf1aPKUl deceptive positive
eImrDM9zF5rOhBRzShXW deceptive negative
eLWhpWkuJe0lwYFdk1bY deceptive positive
ecFLGWVsMrFCQn1Vckpx truthful positive
eqHYwfIeM29HmeCj50q8 deceptive negative
FDbFrNHtbKyZDe0RK4gH truthful negative
FG7HdLIE8u992MEmkooN deceptive positive
FVvxXQ4Vrfflkx2JPOOT truthful negative
eusUu9WvmCg6PtkBtNvP truthful negative
fAlgnBfEniFBo95bWgpU truthful negative
GMf4cIxKzIieKDyACNf5 deceptive negative
GPb8YmjRgIAm5sSGMcjN truthful positive
fkURS1T1R2ucxw92p02r deceptive negative
fofTiOGChg9qpiovgNcX truthful positive
GaURBsBKj6RodBpoqdD4 truthful negative
frSghZCrui1FIm5MsehX truthful positive
GsxpmiT9giN1VBbHkWRU deceptive negative
H9dyua6wcoVPPzxx79Pi truthful negative
gCrDK2nUykxq6GqkU3v8 truthful negative
HWLQKtvYINGYpmmZez2I truthful negative
gZzg9Nwjn9ZbBLTnlYoS truthful negative
HbG398VBk5oOiEh2rXh1 deceptive positive
HdSDCS6wp1SXOdI7DDKf deceptive negative
gjqGO5n9BDo90aRP4N9K truthful positive
gpQ94JAhy00IuPueVSqt deceptive positive
gr6aM4KD0SJ0YVT2SaP8 deceptive negative
IFqujzgtGZLylPH39uKQ deceptive positive
hARN0X0sNFRJ9YMZ4sEz deceptive positive
hQdlj1uLG04iJSUtXjfw truthful negative
IgQOhveLGaTRP03Dv6jO truthful positive
hdpbUhmMoPJdz7oBjc82 truthful negative
heBiJUigW5xjLIOHSNxl truthful negative
Iy2Y7SOSrI9ZlhU0Cy4G truthful negative
hjaw0Gw5aSESf3fUlr18 truthful positive
J3HFcGo8AMRl4XKVmCsW deceptive positive
iJiouMVB6d95iNmDYjCn deceptive negative
J65wa5FGgJV2MKa2hnh0 deceptive negative
JA5ISUWoskbJumz8NJvm truthful negative
JKWmS8Qfc2YOAavr09Kz deceptive positive
iZg5a0fXcZJYotlzmfZV deceptive positive
Ji7oEDeqtNZylwNXg1Eg deceptive positive
iv6NHJSRTT6Ux4TWr3TY deceptive negative
KPixlyiwRuONlktDFMQl deceptive negative
j87YS1j9DFQiX1hxuC1G deceptive positive
jXRzAY3TE77m7uQsCCRL deceptive negative
L5NbOyqTemub0pFwGNrB deceptive negative
LeElJECBoofSJRTYCvIo truthful positive
kC2OR3GG9ejhtaBBDcIL deceptive positive
LnHPgcVMQQNtfdJY493i deceptive positive
LwjQd562HZw7ywhEmthV deceptive positive
khofLk3seWf1vIkBK86F truthful negative
MJ1fzPXBTpgFwtWmtAPm deceptive positive
kzk7Ay8crAWgT8eEYxAZ deceptive positive
l9EhRHf6adGeHYaZzwub deceptive negative
lD4mlH9sWDtqNrATSV9f deceptive positive
lHI52ivseCSacI8Zj7ng truthful positive
le6LTI2YDD3DNrAt6aLJ truthful negative
N5FHmF8ocorgtiHGu34q deceptive negative
leMECmPzBhyeXoBy6WHx truthful negative
N73RgJuzwx6eyHFlTUCj truthful positive
lnHW1JFeEbPyLyLSB3kN truthful positive
lnUs5eQohc3mk2YvzQO3 truthful negative
lt3PjL9ENJDfeuqLs45m truthful negative
NSACjl23GaUPZfa3JLPX truthful negative
lzSiPDFKXDPKZcVJ51WP deceptive positive
Na6U40P7pgDgGbeuTlaN deceptive negative
m6jUpPrWeNmWhCDksEE7 deceptive negative
Nk2AXt5E2CBhA9EqWBRC deceptive positive
mP27ONuIb3JVokJKb8gY deceptive negative
O6kvNBMpsySMGQjhuAEh truthful negative
OBmGsZRRTHNVSRcIPvMI truthful negative
meBx3qzIOUlLddyjdBuK deceptive positive
OWYcZPXqGvxtgVBvfkpK deceptive positive
n5aBw17ewV39zK9ym9mG deceptive positive
nDhEpm2ZW0PeTGSEFebQ truthful positive
